CS124 Project


Ik geloof in de schoonheid van de inspanning. En in de simpele constatering dat het de student zelf is die het diploma moet behalen, niemand anders. Dat laatste lijkt vanzelfsprekend. En toch. Onderwijskundigen van allerlei pluimage die slechts door lelijke onaantrekkelijkheid met elkaar zijn verbonden, beweren dat docenten falen als studenten zakken. Kregen de studenten voldoende begeleiding? Stond er altijd iemand ter beschikking die hen leerde te leren? Werd voldoende rekening gehouden met hun karakter? Misschien zijn ze schuchter, en hebben ze nood aan geruststellende woorden vooraleer het mondelinge examen van start gaat. Misschien zijn er onder hen die, gezien een atypische maar geenszins minderwaardige hersenstructuur, iets trager denken, waardoor ze bij een schriftelijk examen niet over twee, maar over drie uur moeten beschikken. Wie weet is er iets mis met hun bioritme waardoor hun examens beter moeten worden gespreid. En veronderstel dat ze dyslectisch zijn, dan dienen spelfouten met de mantel der liefde te worden bedekt.


Our translation:
I believe in the beauty of effort. And in the simple observation that it is the student who should earn the degree, nobody else. The latter seems obvious. And yet, education experts of all types, only linked by their gross unattractiveness, claim that teachers fail if students perform badly. Did the students receive appropriate help? Was there always someone available who helped them study? Was there enough consideration for their personality? Maybe they are timid, and need reassuring words before their oral exam starts? Maybe there are those among them who, because of an atypical but in no way inferior brain structure, think slightly slower, because of which they need three, not two hours for their written exam. Who knows if there is something wrong with their biorhythm, because of which their exams should be scheduled better. And suppose that they are dyslexic, then spelling errors should be lovingly ignored.


Google Translate:
I believe in the beauty of the effort. And in the simple observation that the student himself who must obtain the diploma, nobody else. That seems obvious. And yet.Educators of all stripes by only ugly unattractive interconnected, claiming that teachers and students fail bags. The students were given sufficient guidance? There was always someone available who taught them how to learn? Has sufficient account of their character? Maybe they are timid, and they need reassurance before the oral exam starts. Perhaps there are among those given an atypical but by no means inferior brain structure, slower thinking, making them a written exam not two, but three hours should have. Who knows there is something wrong with their biorhythms affect their exams should be better spread. And suppose that they are dyslexic, you should misspellings with the cloak of charity to be covered.